Suddenly one young voice rose above the others .
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday .
Another was to soak raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours , tie it on the wart , and wear it for a week .
I became fifteen , sixteen , then twenty , and still Tessie Alpert sat on the porch with a rose in her hair , and Alfred got richer and sicker with diabetes .
He rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel .
He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand ; ;
She was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , lashing her tail , and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation , as much as to say : `` How dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ?
`` O.K. '' Charles rose also , and the two of them moved over to join the girls .
To mark a row or stitch , tie contrasting thread around end of row or stitch to be marked .
Where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants , Menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails .
He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie .
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. Robert F. McDermott will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday , May 3 , in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy .
My Cousin Simmons carried a musket , but he had loaded it with bird shot , and as the officer came opposite him , he rose up behind the wall and fired .
The azaleas were as large as shrubs , and their myriad blooms , many still tight in the bud , ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink , along with many white ones too .
) hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it I could see his tie , knotted , ready to be slipped over his head , a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck .
This mountain was known as The Black Reef and it rose almost perpendicularly for about two hundred feet , honeycombed with caves , top covered with dense scrub and creepers and tall grass .
At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie .
Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer's hat , which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell .
Thus Burns's `` My love is like a red , red rose '' and Hopkins' `` The thunder-purple sea-beach , plumed purple of Thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned .
When he rose in the morning , the image was still there .
he rose to put his greatcoat on and addressed Alex in a muted voice .
but as the temperature rose , the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly .
a schematic , abstract treatment of men and animals , by intent , rose only in the late eighth century .
Ablard Corne , a short man with a rotunda of stomach , rose .
When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity , Carl said , `` A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity '' .
The man wore a vest and a tie , the woman had on a dark green dress and three strands of pearls .
Turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet .
He stiffened and rose to his feet .
He crossed himself again and rose .
The temperature rose to 105-degrees .
On their right rose the embankment covered with brush and trees .
He rose at 4:00 A.M. the year round and was apt to stride through camp crowing like a cock to wake his men .
He rose stiffly , forcing his knees to lock .
Net earnings of that road rose from 62 per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended Feb. 28 , 1961 .
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone .
Adam rose from the crouch necessary to enter the hut .
he rose at half-past six every morning , made himself some French coffee , had his corn flakes and more coffee , smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday's Herald Tribune and yesterday's Pittsburgh Gazette , then put on his high-topped farmer's shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop .
Tractor production at Massey-Ferguson , Ltd. , of Toronto in July and August rose to 2,418 units from 869 in the like period a year earlier , says John Staiger , vice president .
The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month , reaching 242% of the 1910-14 average compared with 237% at mid-July .
He rose from his chair .
Pohl and Kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in American life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' .
He was standing in front of the mirror , tightening his tie .
One simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube , filled with mercury , around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched .
Unsinkable slowed and stopped , hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black , the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek , the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at Bari .
In those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money , there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other .
A cow rose from the ground rear end first .
At first the patient felt stronger , and the hemoglobin rose to 13.8 gm. , but on Oct. 20 , 1958 , he complained of `` caving in '' in his knees .
He rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door .
On the morning of September 10 , 1895 , Powell and Ross rose at dawn and began their day's work .
A plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars , and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights .
he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit , brown silk tie and green-tinted soft collar .
His head barely rose above the table .
He rose from the chair , took off his coat .
Not only did constellations like Draco , Cepheus , and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole , but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night .
When East Germans fled to the West by the thousands , paeans of joy rose from the throats of Western publicists .
it incorporates an automatic knot-tying device on each spindle , and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new bobbins as the running end is exhausted .
If she were not at home , Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there .
He threw green stuff on it , and a thin blue column of smoke rose .
-- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills .
There was one of the new forte-pianos in the room and , as Claire rose to go , he asked her to sing him one song before she left .
These ripples spread out in symmetrical patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral .
Autosuggestibility , the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome ( i.e. , that the arm-rise is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction , because of his knowledge that `` to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction '' ) also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons : ( 1 ) the subjects' apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose , and ( 2 ) manifestations of the phenomenon despite anticipations of something else happening ( e.g. , of becoming dizzy and maybe falling , an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects ) .
Palmer was now putting merely for a tie , and Player , who was sitting beside his wife and watching it all on television in Tournament Chairman Clifford Roberts' clubhouse apartment , stared in amazement when Palmer missed the putt .
He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the Nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan .
When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes , sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears .
He was kneeling to tie his shoelaces .
And when Alfred was forced into his bed , Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair .
As if divining my thoughts , the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden :
Palmer's 281 for the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro , but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with Coe .
The grave , about half-way between his home and the blue turrets of a small church , rose above the forms and spaces of gently undisciplined pastures of green , the sounds of birds , the silence of other graves and the casual paths through small forests .
Every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again , crushed beneath it .
They killed Big Charlie , dumped his body in my rose garden two nights ago .
When the algae began to build up again , the effluent BOD rose .
He rose and went to the bedroom .
And the coffee shop on Drexel Street , where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards , had a rose hedge beneath its window .
The street was unpaved and rose steeply toward the center ; ;
The victory was the first of the season for the Billikens after nine defeats and a tie .
For instance , we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to Christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose .
When Alexander Brandel rose to speak , the hall became silent .
They leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted , ejaculated their grotesque cry of war .
Decorating the ballroom will be the yellow rose of Texas , in tall bushes ; ;
The sound rose on the other side of the hills , vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad , disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas , horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell .
An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him .
in the cold dawn the mist swirled low to the ground , then rose with a gust of sudden wind to leave the valley clear .
When the stock exchange opened this morning , many dealers were quick to purchase shares in Douglas , Lockheed and United Aircraft and prices rose substantially .
Johnnie rose on one elbow .
The smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other , and hung as sadly in the drizzle , creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof .
With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers .
He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back .
A simpler method was to tie a thread tightly around the wart at its base and wear it this way .
